Contract maintenance (#385)
casper-network/docs: source/docs/casper/dapp-dev-guide/tutorials/upgrade-contract.md

- You should be familiar with [writing smart contracts](/writing-contracts), [on-chain contracts](/dapp-dev-guide/sending-deploys/), and [calling contracts](/dapp-dev-guide/calling-contracts) on the Casper Network

> ## Contract Upgrade Flow {#contract-versioning-flow}

Reviewer: I think we should keep "versioning" to indicate that upgrades are simply versioning the contract.

Author: Change added

    let (contract_package_hash, _): (ContractPackageHash, URef) =
    storage::create_contract_package_at_hash();
```

> ## Maintaining a Contract

Reviewer: I think this section should really be added here instead: https://docs.casperlabs.io/dapp-dev-guide/upgrading-contracts/

Author: Are you suggesting adding a link to this section or completely removing and relocating the section?

Author: Moved the section and changed the main title.

The contract maintenance process is generally covered through the [contract upgrade process](#prerequisites).

> Only the major version changes would require specific contract maintenance, especially with major releases. Otherwise, minor contract version changes are addressed through the contract upgrade process. So far we are not anticipating major contract changes in Casper Network. Therefore, the contract upgrade process can cater to any minor contract maintenance.

Reviewer: Please specify what version changes you are talking about. I am guessing here that you are talking about "the Casper node software or APIs".
```suggestion
Only major version changes in the Casper node software or APIs would require specific contract maintenance. Otherwise, minor contract version changes can be addressed through the contract upgrade process. At the moment, we are not anticipating major contract changes in the Casper Network. Therefore, the contract upgrade process can cater to any minor contract maintenance.
```

Reviewer: @Buddhika-Pathirathna, please check that my suggestion is correct: "Only major version changes in the Casper node software or APIs".

Author: Thanks for the feedback Iulia, @darthsiroftardis , could you please verify the above point?

Author: Done.

> On instances like new node releases, type upgrades, and bug-fixes; we advise you to adhere to the same [contract upgrade tutorial](#prerequisites).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On instances like new node version releases, type upgrades, and bug fixes, we advise you to adhere to the same [contract upgrade tutorial](#prerequisites).
```
